Job Description
Your next adventure at VMware is only a click away!
At VMware, we are committed to helping our people grow professionally. Our talented employees exemplify our shared values and continue to drive our company to new heights. 

If you see a position that might be right for you, we encourage you to apply and continue to be a part of our EPIC2 community.

Job Description

Why will you enjoy this new opportunity?

Working with a team of Incident Responders and Threat Intel analysts, you shall be responsible for not only remediating high severity security incidents, but also play a key role in contributing towards initiatives like Digital Forensics, Threat Hunting and Threat Intelligence. You get to do it, while enjoying the company of team members, who love memes, gifs and tacos. Above all, you get to work in a culture where new ideas and calculated risks are strongly encouraged and appreciated.

What is the primary need, technical challenge, and/or problem you will be responsible for? 

We are looking for someone who can be a subject matter expert in Incident Response and Digital Forensics. Someone who can take lead in conducting Forensic analysis during high severity incidents with key stakeholders like Detection and Response Team members, Legal, Privacy and Human Resources.

Success in the Role: What are the performance goals over the first 6-12 months you will work toward completing?

Take a lead role in initiatives around improving our ability to conduct forensic analysis, specifically with in the cloud environment
Effectively manage and remediate any Incident, irrespective of the environment (Corp or Cloud)
Successfully complete the assigned Threat Hunts (Proactively identify advanced attacker activity based on specific TTPs and adversary behavior)
What type of work will you be doing? What assignments, requirements, or skills will you be performing on a regular basis? 

As an SME, you would lead remediation of high-priority Security Incidents
You would be conducting proactive Threat Hunts, based on curated Threat Intelligence
You will be working with fellow members of the SIRT (Security Intelligence and Response Team) to track and report on evolving threat landscape (both internally and externally)
You shall routinely conduct Forensic analysis of infected hosts or analyze network traffic to identify attacker activity
This is not an entry level position. You will be expected to think, act and execute fast, with little or no guidance
Required Skills and Experience

At least 10 years of experience in Incident Response and Forensics in a global corporate environment, and across various Cloud Platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP etc.)
Ability to conduct host and memory forensics on infected hosts, with little or no assistance
Ability to use any log ingestion platform to run Security Analytics and identify attack patterns
Strong understanding of Threat Intelligence and Threat Hunting
Ability to build working relationships with critical stakeholders
Ability to constructively challenge status quo while adhering to corporate ethics and leadership principles
Ability to execute with passion. Lead and follow with Integrity, in a collaborative manner
Desired skills/experience/certification:

Certifications like GCIH, GCFA, GCFE, GNFA etc.
Strong understanding of Cloud Infrastructure and Architecture
What is the leadership like for this role? What is the structure and culture of the team like?

The Hiring Manager for this role is the Manager, Security Intelligence and Response Team (SIRT). He has experience working in the trenches defending the organizations, in diverse Technical and Leadership roles. He has been with VMware for over 4 years now.

He believes that leadership is not defined by title and encourages his team members to be leaders and live the values they all bring to the team. He looks for people who can think creatively to solve problems and do so while being collaborative and courteous. 

The Team consists of DFIR Specialists, Threat Intel Analysts and Program Managers, spread around the globe. The teams work regular work hours with on-call rotation during weekend (once every 9 weeks).

Job Profile

ITITIS_P5 - Information Security - Professional 5
